Add install info to GIS applications (#1723)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/qgis.md

```QGIS.org, 2023. QGIS Geographic Information System. QGIS Association. http://www.qgis.org```

## Acknowledgement

## Acknowledgement

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

> QGIS was installed on Puhti with Singularity using the [Docker image provided by QGIS on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/qgis/qgis). The container was then wrapped with [Tykky](../computing/containers/tykky.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QGIS was installed to Puhti and LUMI with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#container-based-installations) using the [QGIS Docker image from Dockerhub provided by QGIS community](https://hub.docker.com/r/qgis/qgis). 
```

```QGIS.org, 2023. QGIS Geographic Information System. QGIS Association. http://www.qgis.org```

> ## Acknowledgement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Acknowledgement

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

QGIS was installed to Puhti and LUMI with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#container-based-installations) using the [QGIS Docker image from Dockerhub provided by QGIS community](https://hub.docker.com/r/qgis/qgis). In LUMI `Tykky` is named `Container wrapper`.

`wrap-container -w /usr/bin docker://qgis/qgis:latest --prefix install_dir`

> ### References

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## References
```
